{
 "cells": [
  {
   "cell_type": "markdown",
   "metadata": {},
   "source": [
    "# Update calls\n",
    "\n",
    "**2016-09-26**\n",
    "Issues with event total in the display where the currency is not correct - does not correspond in view and database\n",
    "Should a report (which will be blank) be available for participants who didn't actually bid?\n",
    "\n",
    "Gaurav\n",
    "Table-type questions in testing\n",
    "Have chosen to deploy in staging so Nic can have a look at it\n",
    "\n",
    "Deepesh \n",
    "MD6639 - currencies change when copying templates to multi-currency events; corrected and pushed to lot template branch\n",
    "MD6640 - similar copy, but with different exchange ratios will result in the wrong exchange rate; corrected(?) and pushed to lot template branch\n",
    "MD6486 - Hiding details of completed lots/bids/phases when confusing or irrelevant; rank from qualification bids not valid when bid at lot level, etc.\n",
    "\n",
    "Nitin is away in hospital - not hiring replacement as yet\n",
    "\n",
    "Vijay\n",
    "MD6655 - Special characters on name, email, company name. Taking currency of host at time of creating licence but participant is also changing currency at time of bidding.\n",
    "MD6669 - 'RFQ' showing in reports even when participants have not placed any RFQ bids or situation is not an RFQ; RFQ bids are not used during auction for reasons of fairness.\n",
    "\n",
    "James\n",
    "MD6662 - Wiring view for picklists to the database so that users can create, edit and select picklists properly.\n",
    "\n",
    "**2016-09-28**\n",
    "\n",
    "Shobit\n",
    " - Fixed copy-paste of questionnaire questions feature\n",
    " - Pull request created\n",
    "\n",
    "Gaurav\n",
    " - Checking report feature; issues discovered\n",
    " - Continuing with testing; will submit report with issues and merge suggestions.\n",
    " - Award Lots have been somewhat tested\n",
    "\n",
    "Deepesh\n",
    " - MD6673 - feedback on table questions; validation errors changed question type!\n",
    " - Added check to not refresh question on validation if table question (in controller); discussed making this a generic property for all question types.\n",
    " - Fixed issues with row and column counts\n",
    " - JS not being executed due to content_for; has been debugged and replaced with script.\n",
    " - Date type questions chosen after table type question removed text boxes; has refactored relevant JS.\n",
    " - MD6677 - Gaurav found irreproducible bugs; recheck as necessary.\n",
    " - Exceptions while creating BLIC\n",
    " - MD6478 - Queries on, addressing will be ongoing plan.\n",
    "\n",
    "Vijay\n",
    " - MD6669 - Download report button; if event is RFQ and there is no existing bid, check and disable download report button.\n",
    " - MD6675 - If participant changes currency in UOM does not reflect on report section; added fix to ensure that currencies remain in sync; get currency and conversion rate for participant side when report requested by participant.\n",
    " - MD6670 - Multi-currency event; participant changes currencies report does not reflect the change. For Particpant text was not giving relevant text information.\n",
    " - MD6678 - Currencies fix; ongoing plan.\n",
    "\n",
    "Nic\n",
    " - Has been on Support, catch up with queries\n",
    " - Look at planning for Aggreko requirements\n",
    " \n",
    "**2016-09-30**\n",
    "\n",
    "Shobit\n",
    " - MD6633 - could not turn off question from client side; pr submitted but suboptimal solution so far. Split out the method and validated custom fields.\n",
    " - MD6652 - Proxy submission for report sections; multi-choice insert was improperly aligned (visual).\n",
    " - MD6632 - confirmation for submitting answer (multi-question, host provides proxy answer, progress bar internally submits and popup shows) When the host clicks sumbit and the form is submitted internally there is a clash. Button so far disabled, better solution on the way.\n",
    " \n",
    "Gaurav\n",
    " - Testing on table type question; exceptions and design issues found. Digging ahead and looking at the UI.\n",
    " - Start testing tickets currently submitted but not merged.\n",
    " - Once PR merged, will move to testing more of Vijay's output.\n",
    "\n",
    "Deepesh\n",
    " - MD6478: emails showing issues with multiple tickets. If the size doesn't exist give filename.size; adding to model.\n",
    " - Document templates, document model, upload templates etc all deal with the files; has created helper method instead of altering everything.\n",
    " - MD??66: moving questions under focus\n",
    " - MD6683: if participant rejects lot or his event ends quickly the button is invisible; has used Vijay's helper method to fix the issue to check whether the event is completed and the participant is active. \n",
    " - Table style questions in progress.\n",
    " - Complex lot reports call hidden methods because one may be a duplicate in the wrong place. \n",
    " \n",
    "Vijay\n",
    " - MD6678: three parts, bugfixing, PR and spec changes. Chained event helper, new methods, new view plus specs for that part. Moved to UM issue host enters price sale did not show correct quantity - corrected in new downloadable report.\n",
    " - Currently working on MD6674. Event ID can't be searched for when cloning an existing event.\n",
    " - Added to 5.2 release milestone.\n",
    " \n",
    "**2016-10-03**\n",
    "\n",
    "Shobit\n",
    "Updated PR, working on copy/pasting questions and sections\n",
    "MD6668 - exception when uploading invalid format files; all formatting is in Dropzone.js\n",
    "MD6621 - Proxy answer popup has issues with position of progress bar; current operation.\n",
    "\n",
    "Gaurav\n",
    "Reports testing; download reports button not displaying automatically when lot is completed; requires manual refresh\n",
    "Testing tickets; MD6678 in particular where participants enter weight in different scales (mg, kg etc)\n",
    "\n",
    "Deepesh\n",
    "MD6478 - JSON response for progress bars. Pages loses CSS on access due to Dropzone not being closed after a successful update.\n",
    "MD6692 - exception when deleting questionnaires. Could not reproduce error. Current situation is a cascade deletion; should work fine but is currently generating exceptions occasionally. Possibly a race condition.\n",
    "MD6682 - Question was not saved before being dragged to new position; failed. Now needs to save question as it is being created rather than after.\n",
    "MD6681 - fixed\n",
    "Currently working on CSS/UI issues.\n",
    "\n",
    "Vijay\n",
    "MD6694 - Award lots messages investigation\n",
    "\n",
    "Nic\n",
    "New frontend design was intended to be delivered today\n",
    "Not currently the case; slippage inevitable.\n",
    "iKantam working, but there will be an issue with integration because they're working from Master.\n",
    "\n",
    "**2016-10-05**\n",
    "\n",
    "Shobit\n",
    "\n",
    "6603 - proxy answer timeout on pageload is used for progress bar; colour changed on pageload, now doesn't do so.\n",
    "Fixed minor IE9 issue regarding timeout.\n",
    "6693 - spinner missing on save and submit button for participants\n",
    "6519 - support queries on 'unable to place RFQ completed bids' message. Fixed and merged.\n",
    "6702 - copy/paste sections in a questionnaire resulted in total weighting of 200%, which then failed to save when saved due to invalid weighting. Discussed cloning questionnaire even though parts are invalid, then fixing after clone.\n",
    "\n",
    "Gaurav\n",
    "\n",
    "Working on Vijay's report ticket regarding thrown exceptions; fixing locales esp with regard to currencies.\n",
    "Testing table questions integration.\n",
    "\n",
    "Deepesh\n",
    "\n",
    "6682 - Making questions unsortable, then validate on save and ensure they stay that way\n",
    "6478 - update progress bar when document is uploaded (AJAX); uses success callback to trigger value update\n",
    "5829 - Moved relevant code to event model; nil object in array of document causes not saving correctly. May need to remove declarative authorisation from the relevant model.\n",
    "\n",
    "Nitin\n",
    "\n",
    "1211 - Table type questions; adding limits to length of table headings. Correct validations using JS and RB\n",
    "4438 - questions and answers, with and without participants\n",
    "6681 - More table questions\n",
    "Plan 4439\n",
    "\n",
    "Vijay\n",
    "\n",
    "6697 - Host ability to delete the bid created exceptions; \n",
    "6698 - Showing currency on price sections in award lots; currency changes and price doesn't. Correcting view update (currency to symbol) - may cause issues with Excel or similar due to currency vs decimal formatting, and the report is an xls output.\n",
    "plan - work on these two tickets, plus creating message for retrieve\n",
    "\n",
    "Nic\n",
    "\n",
    "Visited customer (PHS); replacing their senior procurement team. Met with new consultants who have an existing competitor relationship.\n",
    "Plan to address issues with the mail systems.\n",
    "iKantam have indicated they need the rest of this week and then next week as well to complete their issues.\n",
    "\n",
    "**2016-10-07**\n",
    "\n",
    "Shobit\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6702 - copy-paste failure when cloning event was invalid weighting has now been permitted so that hosts can customise after clone\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6709 - Host should not be able to see the same page as the participants; better enclosure on proxy answering.\n",
    "\n",
    "Gaurav\n",
    "\n",
    "Table questions are not working correctly; shows wrong progress in SIM\n",
    "\n",
    "Copy/Paste has issues with templates\n",
    "\n",
    "Various tickets to begin testing on; has reduced over the last week.\n",
    "\n",
    "Deepesh\n",
    "\n",
    "MD5829 - views in various languages for mail templates; notifying superhosts. Did some refactoring and moved various actions to a service class with specs.\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6483 - PHS requirements. Creating plan for making the changes they've requested, including retention of additional data.\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6713 - Host uploaded document, questionnaire also had document uploads. Participant documents should not count towards the host's allowance.\n",
    "\n",
    "Nitin\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6660? - table type question has condition added that if there is an answ\n",
    "MD6681 - fixed\n",
    "MD6672 - fixed\n",
    "MD6708 - Progress issue raised by Gaurav\n",
    "\n",
    "Vijay\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6671 - When bid on lot is deleted, it should give an exception if the validations fail; in some cases this is not happening.\n",
    "\n",
    "New features with UI changes - copying text between areas clientside\n",
    "\n",
    "**2016-10-10**\n",
    "\n",
    "*Shobit*\n",
    "\n",
    "6709 - Participant view showing for host; fixed\n",
    "6701 - copy paste failing due to validations;\n",
    "6700, 6702 - interrelated;\n",
    "Moving to 5.3\n",
    "\n",
    "*Gaurav*\n",
    "\n",
    "Testing tickets; assigned some problems to Nitin. Checking further tickets from the bugtracker.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Deepesh*\n",
    "\n",
    "6483 - Checking feasibility of PHS requirements; when questionnaire is deleted, the answers are also being deleted. Has created plan for ticket and submitted. Added to User Story.\n",
    "\n",
    "6713, 6714 - Document progress was exceeding 100%; changed to do calculation using only the Host documents; Was also validated per user not per event. Fixed.\n",
    "\n",
    "6483 - PR created on email issues.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nitin*\n",
    "\n",
    "6671 - Formatting of the table question (CSS)\n",
    "6681 - Formatting borders in SimDojo (CSS)\n",
    "6708 - Progress bar not working with table question; excess 100% with questions\n",
    "6717 - More progress bar issues; in progress.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Vijay*\n",
    "\n",
    "6694 - New award lot notification section; using existing messaging method from SimDojo; added JS toggle buttons.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nic*\n",
    "\n",
    "Mail 'From' address over; was being noted as spam due to SPF; improvements noted almost immediately.\n",
    "Hosting provider was supposed to add resources into live server; forgot!\n",
    "Move PHS to new questionnaires.\n",
    "Create specs for Shobit to work from.\n",
    "\n",
    "**2016-10-14**\n",
    "\n",
    "*Shobit*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD5857 - Disabled feature due to UI issues; fixed and returned where possible. Commented out code with issues.\n",
    "MD6551 - implement enhancements within configuration. Sent mockup (see email). Dealing with layout and setting user settings for SIM and Category. Will create new mockup due to changes in UI, esp iKantam work.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Gaurav*\n",
    "\n",
    "Logging and event reports testing - things are working fine\n",
    "Issues in copy-paste regarding weighting of questions and per-section weightings \n",
    "Small issue in table-type question; moved to 5.3 release (MD6731)\n",
    "Checking to ensure all fine and no issues with versioning.\n",
    "Require code freeze today and run regression testing.\n",
    "Gaurav **on holiday** from 19th to 25th.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Deepesh*\n",
    "\n",
    "Fixed Brakeman issue on attr_accessible parameters in current ticket\n",
    "MD1170 - discovering locations for document uploading; all documents should show in the necessary locations. \n",
    "Suggests cron or DelayedJob to delete temp files after a fixed amount of time.\n",
    "MD6730 - Issue from Gaurav with weighting validations. Assign zero weighting to question rather than negative if copy-paste has resulted in >100% weighting for the questionnaire overall.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nitin*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD4439 - exporting questionnaire answers; connect all data from participant answers to export where necessary. Add specs. \n",
    "MD6681 - formatting issues with table questions in all Dojos. In hand, spec incoming - continue\n",
    "MD6731 - Rows and columns not updating. Fixed, needs testing.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Vijay*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6694 - Default message section creating dynamic translation with event ID and various names. Names with special characters do not always show (Not UTF8 encoded) - resolved. Added columns to lot table to accommodate notifying participants.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nic*\n",
    "\n",
    "Lots of support work. SPF fix broke forwarding rules for customers and getting them to change their rules has taken time. Interviewing candidates today for sales role.\n",
    "\n",
    "**2016-10-17**\n",
    "\n",
    "*Shobit*\n",
    "MD6551 - Layouts, changes to views, Bootstrap integration\n",
    "Working on admin permissions for same issue.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Gaurav*\n",
    "\n",
    "Code frozen. Testing sheets; checking regressions on 5.2. Waiting on smoke test.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Deepesh*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD1170 - Naming and testing files. Adding and improving download ability. Repeated use of partials causing some issues; e.g. we don't want to give file download option when no documents are present. Creating .zip doesn't work if filename already exists, so timestamp added.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nitin*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD4439 - question/answer changes\n",
    "MD6735 - table question UI alignment issues (CSS changes)\n",
    "MD6734 - styling of delete buttons for table questions. Reproducability in question.\n",
    "Currently on MD4439 - comments on PR, then MD6629\n",
    "\n",
    "*Vijay*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6694 - Fixing issues raised by email; lot ID number, default text for award message; made lot names unchangeable. Working on email send functionality. Currently trying to make award message work properly. Adding attachments and sending to participants individually. Some view issues; a lot with no participants should not see tickbox or award lot button.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nic*\n",
    "\n",
    "Hopefully addressing and mitigating issues which will be raised by merging iKantam work into current branch.\n",
    "\n",
    "**2016-10-19**\n",
    "\n",
    "*Shobit*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6726 - multiple bids not being ranked correctly\n",
    "Currently working on host group tabs for document section. Will continue on admin pages.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Gaurav*\n",
    "\n",
    "On holiday in Goa.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Deepesh*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD1170 - Rubocop fixes\n",
    "MD6483 - Fixing dependent: :destroy indications for various items, in particular questionnaire questions.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nitin*\n",
    "\n",
    "Swapping & for ? in urls where incorrectly utilised.\n",
    "Will discuss redesign issues\n",
    "\n",
    "*Vijay*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6694 - started on sending award notification; sending lot details, participant ID in generated message. Working on DRYing code and tidying. Plan to attach reports to emails; some issues with not being able to send emails to invalid participants (i.e. those who do not have phone numbers listed). \n",
    "\n",
    "*Nic*\n",
    "\n",
    "**2016-10-21**\n",
    "\n",
    "*Shobit*\n",
    "\n",
    "Implement admin tabs; host/participant groups, config\n",
    "Due to start on specs\n",
    "\n",
    "*Gaurav*\n",
    "\n",
    "On holiday in Goa\n",
    "\n",
    "*Deepesh*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD1170 - Exception in PHS but not locally due to missing include in production mode.\n",
    "Depreciation warnings - many from Gems, some from Comatose. Interacting dependencies prevent updating gems.\n",
    "Moved to refactor questionnaires; removing redundant code and managing SQL optimisation.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nitin*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6751 - Responsive document page. Some popups and buttons working; other parts not. CSS issues debugging. Currently working on requested changes.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Vijay*\n",
    "\n",
    "MD6794 - Working to assemble and send complete messages. Refactoring and improving code standard; new info messages. 4-5 remaining items on user story.\n",
    "\n",
    "**2016-10-23**\n",
    "\n",
    "*Shobit* \n",
    " - Finished configuration panel. Specs incoming, followed by PR.\n",
    " - Plans to complete 5.3 issues\n",
    "\n",
    "*Deepesh*\n",
    " - Questionnaire controller index refactor (4+ redirects!)\n",
    "  - Removed unused code and moved actions into a service object\n",
    " - Plans to continue refactors\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nitin*\n",
    " - MD6751 Responsive Design; uploading documents. Missing sections when windows change size have been properly displayed. JS and CSS moved to correct locations rather than inline. \n",
    " - Plan to move to event listing page once comments are covered.\n",
    " \n",
    "*Vijay*\n",
    " - MD6694; UI issues on award lot message panel. Disable award notice if no participants. Fix comment buttons.\n",
    " \n",
    "*Nic*\n",
    " - Has been being Gaurav, will continue somewhat albeit distracted.\n",
    " - Plan to work out today what we will do about iKantam in the short and medium term; issues especially with finances etc.\n",
    " \n",
    "**2016-11-02**\n",
    "\n",
    "*Shobit*\n",
    "- MD6789; Showing blank value for copied sections. Changes to questionnaires in order to rearrange things correctly.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Gaurav*\n",
    " - Checking for both me and Deepesh\n",
    " - Exceptions in bids\n",
    " - Nitin's export questionnaire testing; SIMDojo doesn't download correctly.\n",
    " - Will continue testing features, then move on to tickets when those have been covered.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Deepesh*\n",
    " - MD6388 & MD3784; zipping files for download\n",
    " - Dealt with special characters causing issues in filenames\n",
    " - Has used system() calls and the Unix Zip command; probably needs refactoring.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nitin*\n",
    " - MD6787; Document type questions have incorrect document names\n",
    " - Specs created\n",
    " - MD6794; hide download report button for questionnaires\n",
    " - MD6799; cannot reproduce\n",
    " - MD6813 currently in progress\n",
    "\n",
    "*Vijay*\n",
    " - MD6694; generating XLSX files; attaching those to emails was an issue because saving to local was required.\n",
    " - Generating participant reports problematic as `current_user` is the Host rather than the Participant for whom the report is being generated.\n",
    " - If a message has a document, this needs attaching, but some are dynamically generated.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nic*\n",
    " - Has been doing some bughunting\n",
    " - PR for nonscrolling lots\n",
    "\n",
    "**2016-11-04**\n",
    "\n",
    "*Shobit*\n",
    " - Questionnaire bugs; navigation partials and question visuals\n",
    " - MD6822 - Issue in SIM Dojo with participants seeing each other's details\n",
    " - MD6806 - Sealed events have hidden proxy answer button\n",
    " - MD6742 table question visuals.\n",
    " \n",
    "*Gaurav*\n",
    " - Exceptions on SIM Dojo\n",
    " - Excel download not pulling extra fields\n",
    " - Download button visible when there is nothing to download\n",
    " \n",
    "*Deepesh*\n",
    " - MD6797 - spec failing due to incorrect dates; updated PR\n",
    " - MD6805 - missing partial in group page\n",
    " - MD6824 - exception on event level documents; correction for nil check and removed references to participant documents in SIM Dojo at event level.\n",
    " - Lots not being copied in templates due to invalid ranked LICs; now functional.\n",
    " - Responsive design with Nitin on admin pages. Currently working on merging in Nitin's work.\n",
    " \n",
    "*Nitin*\n",
    " - MD4439 - export questionnaire answers; added download button\n",
    " - MD6813 - questionnaires\n",
    " - MD6793 - Table questions\n",
    "\n",
    "*Vijay*\n",
    " - MD6694 - Attachments to Award Lots messages; different for simple vs complex lots.\n",
    " - Adding to event report fields and get the report working.\n",
    " \n",
    "*Nic*\n",
    " - Plan for 5.3/5.4\n",
    "  - On track for release in November as 5.3\n",
    "  - Release Vijay's work and nonscrolling lots as 5.4 (hopefully)\n",
    " - Chasing iKantam in order to conclude business\n",
    " \n",
    "**2016-11-07**\n",
    "\n",
    "*Shobit*\n",
    "\n",
    "*Gaurav*\n",
    "- Testing current features; check that participants can view documents correctly\n",
    "\n",
    "*Deepesh*\n",
    "- MD6832 - download button on sealed events; condition corrected.\n",
    "- MD6844 - issue in adding new questions on questionnaire\n",
    "- MD6845 - document upload questions have expiry date; correction in visibility if question type changes.\n",
    "- MD6846 - exception when proxy answers made; authorisation issue. Contexts added.\n",
    "- Fixing specs on questionnaire report\n",
    "- Responsive design changes; merged dev in again and continued.\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nitin*\n",
    "- Table questions on questionnaires\n",
    "- MD6813 - export buttons; links to document page\n",
    "- MD6799 - error in downloading event report\n",
    "\n",
    "*Vijay*\n",
    "- MD6694 - Event report code drying; moved to PR suggestions\n",
    "- MD6811 - fixed, working on specs\n",
    "\n",
    "*Nic*\n",
    "- Testing\n",
    "- In meetings today"
   ]
  }
 ],
 "metadata": {
  "kernelspec": {
   "display_name": "Ruby 2.3.0",
   "language": "ruby",
   "name": "ruby"
  },
  "language_info": {
   "file_extension": ".rb",
   "mimetype": "application/x-ruby",
   "name": "ruby",
   "version": "2.3.0"
  }
 },
 "nbformat": 4,
 "nbformat_minor": 1
}
